- Docker is sweeping the software industry
and changing how applications are deployed
by simplifying the overall application delivery experience.
It increases your ability to deliver software
more rapidly, and provides a common platform
for dev and ops to collaborate.
It also maximizes efficiency by integrating seamlessly
with existing tool chains.
Hi, there.
I'm Arun Gupta.
I'm a Docker captain and a Java champion
and have been a software engineer for over two decades now.
In this course, you'll learn how to get started with Docker.
You'll learn how to run your very first container,
build your very first image
and most commonly-used options around them.
You'll also learn how to deploy
multi-container applications on multiple hosts
and take them from development to production.
You'll also learn how to learn staple containers
and strategies on how to persist
the state of such containers.
Finally, you'll learn about
monitoring Docker containers as well.
That's a lot to cover, so let's get started.